v0.12.0 updates (#9)
upbound-demo/space-instructions: releases-notes/v0.12.0.md

# v0.12.0

## Notable Changes

1. Allow operators to override the ingress-nginx-controller name

> 2. Introduce Space scoped labels that can be applied via mxe install

Reviewer: I don't see documentation on either of these. Do need to describe how they can be used?

Author: updated!

> 1. Allow operators to override the ingress-nginx-controller name
> 2. Introduce Space scoped labels that can be applied via mxe install

Reviewer 2: Some nits:

```suggestion
1. Allow operators to override the ingress-nginx-controller name. Operators can accomplish this by setting the following property when installing the `mxp` chart: 
`mcp-controller.mcp.hostCluster.ingressNginx.controllerName=mycontrollername`

2. Introduce Space scoped labels that can be applied via mxp install. Operators can accomplish this by setting the following property when installing the chart:
`global.labels.key=value`
```

Author: updated! thanks!
